let's take you to a press conference
with Hamas hamdan speaking there in
Beirut let's listen in approximately
60,000 people have been killed 70% of
whom are children and women more
42,000
injured in the West Bank as
well
2602 people were killed during the same
period these Martyrs are not M numbers
every martyr has a human story with a
hope with a
dream with a dream of living in a
dignified life just like any other human
being in their Homeland however this
naasty occupation killed these Souls
killed these dreams brutally and in a
barbaric fashion this this will be a
condemnation on this regime and all
those who kept silent on all those who
supported that regime against our people
we pray to Allah the almighty to accept
and Bless The Souls of the martyrs and
to heal those injured and we greet and
salute our people who are standing fast
who have not left their home who are
standing fast on their land denying and
rejecting all plans of displacement as
plotted by the zionists and marketed by
the by by the um US Secretary of State
the Jew as he claims We Salute alasam
brigades and the brigades of all the
Palestinian resistants in Gaza and the
West Bank who are writing the annals of
an epic victory of our people defending
our people's right right defending our
people's sacred sides and land and in
every moment they
are they are making the enemy sustain
injuries and losses and making Gaza a
symmetry for such an
aggressor and we support we support our
youth who are revolting in the West Bank
who are engaging with the forces of the
occupation we salute
the supporters of our people in Gaza in
Lebanon in Yemen and in Iraq and today
we I commence my
word of the plans of the of the Nazi
occupation the horrible massacres of the
occupation against our unarmed civilian
people and the bombardment that raise
entire neighborhoods to the ground since
the aggression on on Gaza destroying
houses infrastructure including
hospitals and schools that
uh and even in and even International
institutions with International Flags
this is just to hide the numbers of
their
losses trying to hide the hits sustained
by the by the enemy from Al from alasam
brigades this heroism by our
people is this massacre is under the
sponsorship of American uh government
using ammunition and smart
ammunition um supplied by the US to this
regime and it's continuously supplied to
isra which makes the American
Administration and the President Biden
the respons possbility of such
massacres and defies any claim that this
Administration or this country and their
claim that they sponsor democracy and
human rights these Nazi massacr are not
limited to the Gaza Strip they continue
to be perpetrated across all the cities
of the West Bank and his camps and in
Jerusalem as well this enemy is waging a
barbaric brutal war against our people
across all the occupied lands these
massacr will not break our
will and such massacr will not allow the
Nazi occupation to meet their objectives
these people our people who are writing
the annals of an epic and a legendary
battle telling the story of AO people
defending their land and their sacred
lands despite despite all the American
claims there are no safe zones in Gaza
Strip as the occupation Army is claiming
the occupation has transformed all the
lands of Gaza into an open war zone for
their machine for their War Ma targeting
men women and every living moving thing
in the yesterday was
the for the 67th anniversary of canun
Massacre that was committed in
1956 which was during the aggression
launched by Israel France and the UK
France that is teaching us lessons about
freedom and on those on that year
520 Martyrs were killed and today this
Nazi enemy is relieving the same
Massacre against our
unarmed civilians the children and
grandchildren of those people who were
killed in the earlier massaka this enemy
that knows nothing but the language of
massacres and displacing people or
annihilation of the entire people
however this objective did not
materialize and will not be achieved as
our
enemy has failed in rooting us out from
our land as they promised here we
reiterate our warning from all
attempts and all plots that are in sync
with this Israeli uh plot to displace
our people from the Gaza Strip under
whatever pretext the these all are plots
and Zionist plots and American
plots on the account of our of the blood
of our people and every anyone who is
involved in such plots and plans no
matter how good intentions they say they
are Partners in such a crime a crime of
genocide and displacement and here very
confidently we say that the goals of
netania and his army are
unattainable and what Netanyahu is doing
is just a revenge and a thirst for blood
this is not a sign of Victory but rather
a sign of defeat and the fall of his
government and to be convicted and
persecuted as a war
criminal the real objective of Netanyahu
and his military is to eliminate the
Palestinian people and kill the issue
and kill the cause and to decide this
conflict and this is an
impossibility and if there is any other
Satan or any evil other than
him after 60 days of War Netanyahu and
his military couldn't achieve a single
military nor political Victory it's a
dream that will never come true to him
nor to his military no matter how long
the war would last we are well
prepared over 75 years this enemy has
never claimed Victory against our people
our people have always been
unresisting and therefore they can never
win against Hamas and they can never
claim victory against our Palestinian
people and here I would like to confirm
that Netanyahu and his War staff are
sinking deeper and deeper in the swamp
of Gaza they all couldn't liberate a
single captive except according to our
terms and here we reiterate that there
is no negotiation no swab without
seizing and stopping the aggression
against our people and against Gaza and
here we hold Netanyahu for
responsibility for the lives of
the Israeli and Zionist captives as he
have
foiled and hindered the swab deal as he
resumed his attack against Gaza they are
under the threat of being killed by the
bombardments of netanyahu's War Machine
and it now has become clear to us that
Netanyahu doesn't care about these
captives doesn't care about their
families and he doesn't care about their
lives
we would like to reiterate to the Nazi
occupation government that the that the
Ala mosque will continue to remain a
purely Islamic mosque and they will
never have sovereignty over that mosque
and will say to the people of the temple
that extreme
group to violate and desecrate Al AA MOS
we still
that Al AA flood will not stop and will
continue until you are defeated and
swept away from our land from our
sacred
sides as as to the continued
humanitarian
suffering the
occupation didn't suffice with um within
human massacres our enemy continues to
perpetrate the crime of salv against
more than 2 million Palestinians by
their Siege and not allowing
humanitarian Aid those who didn't die by
bombardments are dying because of
starvation and anyone who hinders the
access of Aid into Gaza is a partner in
such a crime against our people and
shall bear the responsibility of the
Reps of such a crime not allowing all
requirements for basic human life
including water wells bakeries hospitals
electricity generators and
shelters we are warning that the number
of Martyrs will increase due to thirst
and
famine which is warning of a
humanitarian catastrophe therefore we
call upon the Arab and Muslim nations to
Bear their human itarian and ethical
responsibilities it's the right of our
people to live free and dignified life
without without Siege without
bombardment without aggression and
without threat no Israeli will feel
safe if our people didn't enjoy the
[Music]
same we
are it's an increasing number of massacr
against civilian with the increased
number of killed and injured among the
displaced in shelter zones we reiterate
our call to the following we call upon
the honor and the wh to assume their
humanitarian and ethical
responsibilities to continue supplying
our people in Gaza with a humanitarian
Aid and not to seed to the demands and
terms and conditions of the occupation
actually we can't understand the
position of onor responding and heing
the demands of the occupation against
their mandate we also call upon
International humanitarian and
medical organization to intensify their
access to all areas of Gaza and Aid the
residence of Gaza with all humanitarian
Aid we call also upon all Arab and
Muslim countries to move seriously and
immediately to break such a Siege
against
Gaza and to open
humanitarian uh
corridors and to open all hospitals
across all Gaza with all medical
disciplines and Supply the Gaza Strip
with fuel medicine water and food
third in this long series of lies of the
Israelis and the Americans the American
admin rtion with the statements of their
officials continues to to adopt
the the Zionist narrative without
verifying or vitting any of such
information latest is the statement of
the National Security advisor of the
United States that the that the
occupations Army does not Target
civilians in Gaza this is a lie a
blatant lie it's
uh More than 70% of 16,000 Murs are
women and children and definitely in
their eyes they are not
civilians you can expect what would be
the advice and the Council of such
National ad security
advisor and what would the decisions of
such Administration would look like
based on his
advice the claims and the lies of the
zionists claiming that some of their
women have been raped actually this is
to to cover an
underscore that the human treatment of
our Fighters with these
individuals such scenes have have
Disturbed the Nazi regime they have
tried desperately to dehumanize our
people we say that these false claims
are in their
imagination of extreme Zionist
individuals that allows that that allows
the the Zionist soldiers allow the
Zionist soldiers to rape the woman of
others
and and this is and this is this is
supported by this individual who's the
military Rabbi in the Israeli Defense
Forces who allowed and permitted
sanction to the soldiers to rape njw
women saying
that when we are intended that the Torah
has allowed
us to satisfy the soldiers needs for
women and it is
permissible to engage in sexual activity
with women during war against their will
and this is another
Rabbi rayon Loven
talkes talks about permitting but rather
the need to kill to to kill children in
the war
being to theultimate victim this child
will grow up and
kill because the
ideology that child will grow up with is
even worse than the ideology of his
father that's the reason why the Torah
in the book of
Deuteronomy 20 verse
says rules of
War do not allow anyone to remain alive
nothing no
mercy
furthermore the book of Deuteronomy chap
25:
19 completely
erase any memory of which means men
women and children says do not have the
right to
exist these are the doctrine of their
rabbis and their clergymen and here I
ask when blinking
the Secretary of State who identifies
himself as a Jew does he listen to such
words when he deals with the Palestinian
issue permitting the killing of children
and allowing the RAB of
women as the rabbi of the Zionist Army
breaches we call upon all media Outlets
all around the world to continue
covering the suffering of our people in
Gaza STP and the heinous crimes
perpetrated against them which expresses
the true nature of this Zionist entity
and to work with all professionality and
objectivity to reveal the lies of the
Zionist
discourse and on such an act and such
bias uh to the Zionist uh discourse
could constitutes a partnership in this
crime the some Western media outst
continue to uh perpetrate lies serves
only the agendas of the occupation will
not save them from persecution before
the law we call them to rectify their
mistakes and to retract such an approach
that
would that would
that would question their accountability
and can hold them accountable
legally in
conclusion we reiterate our call to the
people of our and and Muslim nations to
escalate all sorts of
demonstrations and vigils across all
plazas in rejection of the occupations
war against our people and to uncover
their crimes and I would like like to
confirm here that this movement in
addition to the action of the resistance
in the field and our people standing
fast on their
land this will limit the window the time
window of this aggression we also would
like to to appreciate the efforts by the
countries that have received our injured
uh citizens to support them and we we
welcome all support to continue our
resistance on our land and foil all
attempts for
displacement the systematic violations
and heinous crimes perpetrated against
our prisoners in the in the prisons of
the occupation we demand on all
humanitarian organization and Inter or
International organizations to exert
pressure on the occupation to allow
visitation to such
prisoners and deny B's enjoyment and
pleasuring himself visiting the prisons
simply to to to please himself by
watching them
suffer we would like to hail and salute
the Alazar position um and an announce
announcing um granting Palestinian
students scholarships to at alazhar
University and we call upon alazhar IM
to lead a movement of
Scholars across the entire nation to
break the siege against Gaza and allow
humanitarian Aid across the RAF Crossen
and we call upon the scholars to adopt
such an idea and make it a reality on
the ground following the Hadith of the
prophet
no muslim can sleep with his stomach
full while his neighbor is starving in
conclusion we pray Allah the almighty to
heal the injured this is a Jihad it's
either Victory or martydom and thank you
very much if you have any
questions you have announc from Lebanon
General
conscription some people describe this a
breach of Lebanon s
and many voices call for hisbah not to
be involved in this
war what we hope
for before any
comment it's good that you ask this
question and I and I would like not to
be involved in the Lebanese Internal
Affairs our policy is clear in this
regard we have maintain such a policy
and we will continue to maintain such
policy our relations with Lebanon is we
is with all components of the Lebanese
structure political and social what we
have called for is a
cultural
ideological to to attract the
Palestinian youth rather than being
misled by other ideologies that that is
not in sync with our cuse against the
occupation our people who have been
displaced from their land 75 years ago
and who have carried this cause for 75
years leading the resistance we will not
accept we would we will not accept that
our youth and our children be IDE
ideologized in other directions and in
light in light of the heroic
resistance of our people we have called
to attract such people culturally
socially and
politically that aims to engage our
youth our young in a national project to
meet our dreams and our aspirations for
Liberation and return to the land this
is the call and I hope no one would
exaggerate this we are confirming it
again in this
Karim Khan's visit to Israel of the
international criminal court and what
about the prisoner swap as for exchange
of prisoners I have said we will not
talk about swab without stopping the war
and the and the aggression against Gaza
our partners they have exerted efforts
but the occupation has foiled such a
deal today
Netanyahu just hit the LA the last nail
um in this deal he said Netanyahu
claimed or announced that not all the
prisoners would be able to come
back talking about the prisoners
afterwards we hope that this will stop
we have our prisoners in the occupations
prisons if you want to talk about your
captives let's talk about prison
the question about Karim Khan it's
unfortunate his statement talking about
only the Israeli side talking about some
moral support to the families of the
Palestinian prisoners doesn't call for
releasing them doesn't take a decisive
stand um um uh before the crime that is
taking place before his eyes talking
about something imaginary like
and untrue claims and he talks only
about what happened on the 7th of
October forgetting what happened since
7th of October until now I believe his
credibility is undermined and draws a
question mark whether the court is
playing a political role supporting the
occupation rather than a legal role that
criminalizes crimes uh war crimes and
crimes against humanity
threat of
assassination first of
all this is very rude if a prime
minister of a particular country
announces that they will commit
terrorist acts in other countries
imagine another he State talking in such
a
manner what kind of a campaign you can
imagine the kind of campaign that will
be waged against them that's why there
is a question to be asked to the entire
world why everyone is shamefully silent
one if the prime Min the Israeli Prime
Minister is T tasking the relevant
agency to commit crimes in other
countries the other issue is that such
threats will not change our political
positions will not influence our
decisions will not push us to retreat we
are holding fast and strongly with our
rights to continue our resistance
operations of our resistance will
continue until we achieve our national
goals and objectives this battle is not
the Battle of Hamas this is a battle of
the Palestinian people for the sake of
Gaza Jerusalem Gaza and the West Bank
and for the return of the refugees back
to
Palestine personally speaking about any
Hamas leader all Hamas
leaders are potential Martyrs however
Hamas project is a project of Victory
and we have written the annals of such
of such um a story that will end in
Jerusalem if Netanyahu is
threatening some of these leaders will
walk into the alaka mosque
does does alasan
brigades have 17 Israeli
soldiers we will not talk about the
numbers of
soldiers this is
something of alasam brigades leaderships
they can talk in details about this and
it's not the right time yet to talk
about this thank
you the has failed to root us out from
our land the goals of Netanyahu and his
army are
unobtainable what we are seeing is
simply blood lust the words there of AMA
hamdan the senior member of Hamas
speaking at that press conference in
Beirut he went on to say after 60 days
of war nanyo and his military have
failed to achieve a single military or
political goal